[MUSIC PLAYING]
I would like to send a heartfelt
thank-you to our clinicians
out in the field,
who are providing
quality care to our clients
at this difficult time.
Your dedication to our
team, your clients,
and your community is wonderful.
Thank you for everything you do.
Thank you to all the
wonderful nurses at Aveanna.
Happy Nurses Week.
Thank you for all that you do.
Hi, everyone, and thank
you for all the work
you do to keep our
patients healthy and happy.
From the intake department,
thank you so much again,
and have a great day.
We love our clinicians.
I'd just like to send a
thank-you out to all our nurses
and caregivers, for continuing
to provide exceptional care
to our patients.
Hi, everyone.
Happy Nurses Week.
Just want to thank everybody,
for their hard work
and dedication and
compassion to the patients,
during this crazy time.
Hi, everyone.
I hope you're all doing well.
I just want to take a
moment and thank all of you,
for taking care of our
patients each and every day.
And keeping them safe, to help
them remain in their own homes.
Thank you.
Go.
Hey, team.
Happy Nurses Week.
Thank you so much
for all that you do.
We could not do
this without you.
We appreciate you
every single day.
Stay safe out there.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, everybody, from
the bottom of my heart,
for all the hard work
you do every single day.
Taking care of our patients and
families, representing Aveanna,
you are just all so
incredible angels out there.
And I am so proud of you, each
and every day, for all you do.
Thank you.
Happy Nurses Week.
Hey, everybody.
Thank you so much for all
that you do out in the field.
All the field
staff, we appreciate
it more than you know.
I want to thank all the nurses
for everything that they do.
You guys are the best, and we
are always thinking of you.
Ready?
Thank you, nurses.
Hi, guys.
Just want to say thank
you for all that you do,
and everything that
you've been doing for us
through this whole epidemic.
You are fantastic.
And thank you.
Happy Nurses Week, guys.
Hi.
I just want to say thank you to
all the hardworking nurses we
have at Aveanna.
Thank you for all that you do.
And Happy Nurses Week.
Hi, this is Sheila.
I just want to say thank you
so much for your service.
It is so appreciated with
what is going on in the world
right now, and our crisis.
Every single thing that can be
done to help out is a godsend.
So thank you so much.
We love you all.
And keep up the great work.
A huge shout-out to
all of our nurses,
who get out there and do amazing
things for us every single day.
Thank you so much.
Happy Nurses Week.
Thank you for all
your hard work.
Thank you.
My name is Mili.
I'm a coordinator at the
West Springfield office.
I just want to say thank you to
all the nurses for everything
they're doing out there.
Hi, I'm Nicole from Aveanna
Healthcare in West Springfield.
I just want to extend a
thank-you, and happy nurses
week for all that you do.
Yay.
Full-heartedness.
Happy Nurses Week, everybody.
I hope you enjoy.
Hi.
Our dear wonderful
nurses, I would
like to thank you for being
in the frontline of this fight
for us.
Happy Nurses Week to all of
our wonderful, great staff
out there, taking
care of our patients.
We thank you from the
bottom of our hearts.
Hi, guys.
It's Angela from
West Springfield.
I just want to say thank
you to all our nurses,
aides, and clinicians who
are out on the front lines.
Happy Nurses Week.
Hi there.
I just wanted to take a
moment and say thank you
to all the clinicians out
there on the frontline,
during this very scary time.
We're thinking of you all.
Please stay safe.
To all the nurses, aides,
and caregivers, as well as
the support staff
working in each location.
On behalf of myself,
I want to thank you
for all your
dedication, and hard
work that you have shown
throughout these traumatic
times in our nation.
These are the times
where we are caring
for people that make
up our friends, loved
ones, and neighbors.
I am honored and
privileged to have
each and every member of this
team servicing our community,
and helping the individuals
and folks that need it most.
Because of each of
you, we continue
to be united, inspired,
and unstoppable.
Thank you for all you do.